README.md, before:

# React handy hooks

Collection of handy and reusable react hooks

### How to use

#### Installation (type declaration is included in the package)

`npm i react-handy-hooks`

#### Import

```js
import { useOnEsc } from "react-dom-hooks";
// Or just one hook
import useOnEsc from "react-dom-hooks/useOnEsc";
```

### Hooks

#### useOnEsc

```ts
// Callback on 'Escape' keyup pressed
useOnEsc(onEsc: () => void) => void;
```

#### useKeyListener

```ts
// Callback on specified key(s) pressed
useKeyListener(
  key: string | string[],
  cb: (key: string, e: KeyboardEvent) => void
) => void;
```

#### useCountDown

```ts
// Count down from provided date to Date.now(), returns number of seconds or null if finished
useCountDown(
  date?: Date,
  refreshInterval?: number = 1000
) => number | null;
```

#### useOnResize

```ts
// Callback on 'resize' window event
useOnResize(cb: (size: {
    width: number;
    height: number;
}) => void;
```

#### useResizeObserver using [ResizeObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver)

```ts
// Callback when ref's element size changes
useResizeObserver(
  cb: ResizeObserverCallback,
  ref: MutableRefObject<HTMLElement | null>,
) => void;
```

#### useWindowEvent

```ts
// Simple window.addEventListner
useWindowEvent(
  event: Key,
  cb: (this: Window, ev: WindowEventMap[Key]) => void,
  options?: boolean | AddEventListenerOptions
) => void;
```

#### useWindowSize

```ts
// Keeps track of window size (undefined before first useEffect callback)
useWindowSize() => {
    width: number;
    height: number;
} | undefined;
```

### If you know any handy, pure hooks feel free to contribute

Commit message:

Add useOutsideClick hook and setup storybook env

README.md, after:

# React handy hooks

Collection of handy and reusable react hooks

### How to use

#### Installation (type declaration is included in the package)

`npm i react-handy-hooks`

#### Import

```js
import { useOnEsc } from "react-dom-hooks";
// Or just one hook
import useOnEsc from "react-dom-hooks/useOnEsc";
```

### Storybook

You can expole all hooks in the [storybook](https://storybook.js.org/)
`npm i`
`npm run storybook`

### Hooks

#### useOnEsc

```ts
// Callback on 'Escape' keyup pressed
useOnEsc(onEsc: () => void) => void;
```

#### useKeyListener

```ts
// Callback on specified key(s) pressed
useKeyListener(
  key: string | string[],
  cb: (key: string, e: KeyboardEvent) => void
) => void;
```

#### useCountDown

```ts
// Count down from provided date to Date.now(), returns number of seconds or null if finished
useCountDown(
  date?: Date,
  refreshInterval?: number = 1000
) => number | null;
```

#### useOnResize

```ts
// Callback on 'resize' window event
useOnResize(cb: (size: {
    width: number;
    height: number;
}) => void;
```

#### useResizeObserver using [ResizeObserver](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver)

```ts
// Callback when ref's element size changes
useResizeObserver(
  cb: ResizeObserverCallback,
  ref: MutableRefObject<HTMLElement | null>,
) => void;
```

#### useWindowEvent

```ts
// Simple window.addEventListner
useWindowEvent(
  event: Key,
  cb: (this: Window, ev: WindowEventMap[Key]) => void,
  options?: boolean | AddEventListenerOptions
) => void;
```

#### useWindowSize

```ts
// Keeps track of window size (undefined before first useEffect callback)
useWindowSize() => {
    width: number;
    height: number;
} | undefined;
```

### If you know any handy, pure hooks feel free to contribute
